README.md, before:

# LimitChecker
## Overview
The application manages expiration dates and automatically sends caution or warning e-mails as needed.  
This application is being developed for self-learning and my own life, and is not for commercial use or related to my work.

## Service
The validation process is performed as a periodic process using the Schedule annotation.  
Basically, validation is performed at exactly 8:00 AM to determine which foods to alert or warn.   

### Scheduled validation
If the expiration date is within the number of days specified in the AlertDefinition associated with the ItemType, the food is notified by e-mail as a caution item. For example, if a food item has an AlertDefinition of 3 days and an expiration date of October 10, a warning e-mail will be sent at 8:00 a.m. on October 7.
The alert email notifies the expiration date has passed. Specifically, the Service class will send an email notification if there is a consumption date that matches today's date as a warning item. This process is also executed at 8:00 AM.

## User Interface
**TBD** design, implements. I need to study about the front-end technology...

## Controller
The interface of the visible process and the back-end process handles the REST API with full specified messages.  
The controller receives the message and handle the information about item bellow;  
- Create a new stored item into the database
- Delete a stored item when it is consumed
- Modified an item name and expiration date

## Development
This application is built with the environment bellow;
- OpenJDK 17.0.7
- Spring boot 3.1.1
- IntelliJ IDEA 2023.1.2
- embedded H2DB

### Architecture
The architecture of this program is based on Domain driven development model.
There is only one aggregate model to manage the expiration date.  
### Aggregate pattern
StoredItem is designed by the given diagrams bellow;
![](./doc/images/storedItem.png)

Commit message:

Task #2 - modified dto classes with record type

README.md, after:

# LimitChecker
## Overview
The application manages expiration dates and automatically sends caution or warning e-mails as needed.  
This application is being developed for self-learning and my own life, and is not for commercial use or related to my work.

## Service
The validation process is performed as a periodic process using the Schedule annotation.  
Basically, validation is performed at exactly 8:00 AM to determine which foods to alert or warn.   

### Scheduled validation
If the expiration date is within the number of days specified in the AlertDefinition associated with the ItemType, the food is notified by e-mail as a caution item. For example, if a food item has an AlertDefinition of 3 days and an expiration date of October 10, a warning e-mail will be sent at 8:00 a.m. on October 7.
The alert email notifies the expiration date has passed. Specifically, the Service class will send an email notification if there is a consumption date that matches today's date as a warning item. This process is also executed at 8:00 AM.

## User Interface
**TBD** design, implements. I need to study about the front-end technology...

## Controller
The interface of the visible process and the back-end process handles the REST API with full specified messages.  
The controller receives the message and handle the information about item bellow;  
- Create a new stored item into the database
- Delete a stored item when it is consumed
- Modified an item name and expiration date

## Development
This application is built with the environment bellow;
- OpenJDK 17.0.7
- Spring boot 3.1.1
- IntelliJ IDEA 2023.1.2
- embedded H2DB

### Architecture
The architecture of this program is based on Domain driven development model.
There is only one aggregate model to manage the expiration date.  

This application is built with the Clean Architecture, this is the first attempt for me to develop with this model.
- adapter : perform as a gateway that input in UI
- application : contains use-case, perform as a business logic 
- domain : entity, model(enum), specification, that describes the knowledge of components


### Aggregate pattern
StoredItem is designed by the given diagrams bellow;
![](./doc/images/storedItem.png)
